Overload single assertion (#562)
willowtreeapps/assertk: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Overload `single` assertion .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add version of the `single` function which takes a predicate for selecting the element from a collection.
```

> - Add version of the `single` function which takes a predicate for selecting the element from a collection.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add version of the `single` function which takes a predicate for selecting the element from an `Iterable`.
```

What about this?
